[LISKDOCS-8] Add Tellor (#234)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/lisk-tools/oracles.md

#### Supported Networks

- Lisk
- Lisk Sepolia

### Guides

- [Accessing oracle data with Redstone (Pull)](../building-on-lisk/using-oracle-data/redstone-pull.md)

## Tellor

Tellor is an immutable decentralized oracle protocol where parties can request the value of an off-chain data point (e.g. ETH/USD) and reporters compete to add this value to an on-chain data-bank.

> The inputs to this data-bank are secured by a network of staked reporters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tellor is an immutable decentralized oracle protocol where parties can request the value of an offchain data point (e.g. ETH/USD) and reporters compete to add this value to an onchain databank.
The inputs to this databank are secured by a network of staked reporters.
```

Tellor utilizes crypto-economic incentive mechanisms, rewarding honest data submissions by reporters and punishing bad actors through the issuance of Tellor’s token, Tributes (TRB) and a dispute mechanism.

This incentivizes an open, permissionless network of data reporting and data validation, ensuring that data can be provided by anyone and checked by everyone.

> [List of current token & oracle contracts available in the Tellor Documentation](https://docs.tellor.io/tellor/the-basics/contracts-reference#lisk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[A list of all the Tellor contracts deployed on Lisk is available on their documentation](https://docs.tellor.io/tellor/the-basics/contracts-reference#lisk)
```
